#summary RunJettyRun 1.2 Release Note 2011/03/11
#labels Phase-Design,Featured,Release-Note,1.2

= Publish Date =

2011/03/11

= Introduction =

It's a newer version for Run Jetty Run!

We updated the Jetty version from 6.1.6 to 6.1.26, accepted the enhance for "source scanner", add port defect , keybinding , some useful features , and fix some annoying bug.


= Details =

Please check the accpected defect list below:

 * Issue #7 Disable Jetty's locking of static files
 * Issue #8 Add scanner to restart the server when classes change
 * Issue #13 Warn if port is already in use  
 * Issue #33 Use latest version of Jetty  
 * Issue #44 Can't specify project dir as webapp dir  
 * Issue #50 Jars under WEB-INF/lib aren't found unless on eclipse projects classpath   
 * Issue #51 Add keybinding to start server 


If you find any bug , please feel free to post a new bug to let us know. Thanks.


= Notice =

If you run a existing project and get a ClassNotFound Exception in bootstrap , 
it's caused by you customized the RJR classpath in "Run Configuration" , 
you might need to restore default entrys to get newer jetty package works.


= Next Milestone =

Here we list the defects we are going to do in version 1.2.1 ; 

And plan to release it before May.


 * Issue #45 etty pulls all jars in maven dependency hierarchy instead of resolved dependencies  * This one is the major one in next version. *
 
 * Check the compatibility with Jetty 7/Jetty 8 .

 * Other tasks http://code.google.com/p/run-jetty-run/issues/list?q=label:1.2 

And thanks James Synge , Eelco Hillenius for building a such good project and invited me to join the project.

I wish I could make it better...