#summary RunJettyRun 1.3.3 Release Note 2012/03/16
#labels Featured,releaseNote,1.3.3

= Publish Date =

2012/03/16

= Introduction =

It's a newer version for Run Jetty Run again,
fixing those bug in the new view we introduce in 1.3.2.

Now it's more a stable version for web-context/jetty classpath and scan folder management,and we turn source scanner off by default in this version.


= Update Site =

http://run-jetty-run.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/updatesite


= Outline =

== What's new in 1.3.3 ==

1. Move Jetty 7 / Jetty 8 to latest stable version.
     Jetty 7 from 7.5.1.v20110908 to 7.6.2.v20120308,Jetty 8 from 8.0.1.v20110908 to 8.1.2.v20120308


2. Web-context/Jetty classpath management is working for most case that you uncheck  classpath entries now.  

     Note:We only exclude jars files/class folder when you uncheck a container or folder.
         For example , if you uncheck maven dependency (A container) , RJR will exclude all those jars in maven dependency, but if you modify the pom  file and add new jar classpaths , those newer jar files will not be excluded.      
         Anyway , when it's not working as expect , check your run configuration first. 
  
 
3. Turn off source scanner by default. 
   i. If you still want it to be default enable, please config your preference. (_Window_ -> _Preferences_ -> _RunJettyRun_ -> _Default enable Scanner when create new run configuration_ )
 
   ii.User could still enable it in source monitor tab of run confiugration for each project.



= Details =

   * Issue list http://code.google.com/p/run-jetty-run/issues/list?can=1&q=label%3A1.3.3

   * Features 
     * Issue 128: Upgrade to latest Jetty Version

   * Bugs
     * Issue 109: ATTR_WEB_CONTEXT_CLASSPATH_NON_CHECKED doesn't work due to path issue
     * Issue 114: Project classpath issue for WebApp classpath and Jetty classpath
     * Issue 115: Change default setting for source scanner to disable
     * Issue 116: throwing NPE if folder/jars in the source monitor list not exist
     * Issue 117: Source scanner tab get wrong path for web.xml under the webcontext
     * Issue 119: test add folder in webcontext classpath view and jetty view.



= Notice =

  * Please feel free to report anything you find , no matter bug or opinion. :p

  * To speed up your installation ,please don't check this option.
    (Contact all update-sites during install to find required software.)
    http://screencast.com/t/DuCNNp4D59R

  * For Jetty8 's restriction , you have to use a "JDK Runtime" instead of default JRE Runtime to run it, or the JSP complier will not work.
  

= Next Milestone =

  * Live update support ( Browser will refresh after you change the html/css/javascript. )

  * We will check some new feature , and review Jetty 8 support , 
like Spdy support, or some useful feature for developers.


= Special thanks = 

Thanks James Synge , Eelco Hillenius for building a such good project and invited me to join the project.

Hope this plugin could help developers to speed up development. :)